T-house is one of Laos Shu'a's most famous plays. He wrote it in 1957.
The play has three acts and shows the lives of common people in China from the end of the 19th century to the middle of the 20th century.
It tells us the story of Wang Li-Fa and the customers of his T-house in Beijing.
It describes the changes in Chinese society over 50 years. Laos Shu'a was born in Beijing in 1899.
His mother sent him to a teacher's school in 1913. After finishing school in 1918, he became a head teacher of a primary school.
In 1924, Laos Shu'a left home and went to England. He taught Chinese at a college in London and returned to China five years later.
He wrote many plays, novels and short stories about people's lives and was named the People's Artist.
Laos Shu'a is one of the greatest Chinese writers of the 20th century.
At Laos Shu'a T-house today, customers can drink tea and eat delicious Beijing food.
If you like the Beijing Opera, traditional music or magic shows, you can enjoy them at the T-house.
Laos Shu'a T-house gives a warm welcome to everyone from all over the world.